c:\users\metalzor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheList\TheList\bin\TheList.dll.config
c:\users\metalzor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheList\TheList\bin\TheList.dll
c:\users\metalzor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheList\TheList\bin\TheList.pdb
c:\users\metalzor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheList\TheList\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\metalzor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheList\TheList\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\metalzor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheList\TheList\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\metalzor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheList\TheList\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\metalzor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheList\TheList\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\metalzor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheList\TheList\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\metalzor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheList\TheList\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\metalzor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheList\TheList\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\metalzor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheList\TheList\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\metalzor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheList\TheList\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\metalzor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheList\TheList\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\metalzor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheList\TheList\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\metalzor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheList\TheList\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\metalzor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheList\TheList\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\metalzor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheList\TheList\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\metalzor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheList\TheList\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\metalzor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheList\TheList\obj\Debug\TheList.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\metalzor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheList\TheList\obj\Debug\TheList.dll
c:\users\metalzor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheList\TheList\obj\Debug\TheList.pdb
